The code first displays the original grayscale image and then generates and displays approximate images with different 
ranks using Singular Value Decomposition (SVD).
The rank controls the level of approximation, and higher ranks retain more details from the original image. 
This process is often used in image compression and dimensionality reduction.
In the context of SVD, the singular values represent the importance or significance of the corresponding singular vectors in the decomposition.
Singular values are typically sorted in descending order, indicating their magnitude.
Larger singular values are associated with more significant patterns or structures in the data.
The logarithmic scale is often used because it helps visualize the relative differences between singular values more effectively, 
especially when there is a wide range of magnitudes.
In a semilogy plot, each data point represents a singular value.
If the plot shows a rapid decrease in the magnitude of singular values, it indicates that a few singular values contribute significantly
to the data's structure, while many others are relatively small.
The point where the plot starts to flatten out indicates a region where singular values contribute less to the overall 
structure and can potentially be considered less significant.
np.cumsum(np.diag(S)):
  The cumulative sum at each position represents the total information retained when considering the singular values up to that position.
np.sum(np.diag(S)):
  This is the total information present in the original data.
np.cumsum(np.diag(S)) / np.sum(np.diag(S)):
This results in an array of values representing the cumulative percentage of information retained at each step.
This plot (Singular_Values-Cumulative_Sum)provides insights into how well the approximation captures the information present in the original data. 
A steeper initial slope indicates that a significant portion of information is captured with fewer singular values, 
while a flatter slope indicates that additional singular values contribute less to the overall information.
